Keystone 6 General Availability website changes (#358)
keystonejs/keystone-5: docs/guides/road-map.md

# Roadmap

> > **Warning:** Keystone 5 has officially moved into active maintenance mode, but you can still use it in production. For the latest on where Keystone is headed see the [Keystone 6 Roadmap](http://keystonejs.com/roadmap).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** Keystone 5 has officially moved into active maintenance mode, but you can still use it in production. Checkout our [roadmap](http://keystonejs.com/roadmap) for the latest Keystone to see where we’re heading.
```

> > **Warning:** Keystone 5 has officially moved into active maintenance mode, but you can still use it in production. Checkout our [roadmap](http://keystonejs.com/roadmap) for the latest Keystone to see where we’re heading.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** Keystone 5 has officially moved to maintenance only. 
For the latest release of Keystone please visit the [Keystone website](http://next.keystonejs.com/).
```
